# Notes_Research_Gen.md

## 2025

### 2025 09

#### 2025/09/28

##### 22:41

###### Open Links:

Switch Statement in C++ - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/switch-statement-in-cpp/

char int values - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=char+int+values&oq=char+int+value&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyBggBEEUYOTIICAIQABgWGB4yCAgDEAAYFhgeMggIBBAAGBYYHjIICAUQABgWGB4yCAgGEAAYFhgeMggIBxAAGBYYHjIICAgQABgWGB4yCAgJEAAYFhge0gEIMzIzNmowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Convert char to int in C and C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5029840/convert-char-to-int-in-c-and-c

char ascii value c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=char+ascii+value+c%2B%2B&oq=char+ascii+&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqDAgGEAAYFBiHAhiABDIKCAAQRRgWGB4YOTINCAEQABiRAhiABBiKBTINCAIQABiRAhiABBiKBTIHCAMQABiABDIHCAQQABiABDIHCAUQABiABDIMCAYQABgUGIcCGIAEMgcIBxAAGIAEMggICBAAGBYYHjIICAkQABgWGB7SAQg1NjA4ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

c++ - How to convert an ASCII char to its ASCII int value? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15999272/how-to-convert-an-ascii-char-to-its-ascii-int-value

Program to print ASCII Value of a character - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/competitive-programming/program-print-ascii-value-character/

this%20problem%20has%20existing%20solution%20please%20refer%20sums%20of%20ascii%20values%20of%20each%20word%20in%20a%20sentence%20link.%20we%20will%20solve%20this%20problem%20quickly%20in%20python%20using%20map()%20function%20and%20dictionary%20data%20structures.%20approach%20is%20simple,
https://this%20problem%20has%20existing%20solution%20please%20refer%20sums%20of%20ascii%20values%20of%20each%20word%20in%20a%20sentence%20link.%20we%20will%20solve%20this%20problem%20quickly%20in%20python%20using%20map()%20function%20and%20dictionary%20data%20structures.%20approach%20is%20simple,/

ASCII Chart - cppreference.com
https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/ascii.html

horizontal tab char c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=horizontal+tab+char+c%2B%2B&oq=horizontal+tab+char+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIJCAEQIRgKGKABMgkIAhAhGAoYoAEyCQgDECEYChigAdIBCTE5OTE1ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

xor c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=xor+c%2B%2B&oq=xor+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyDggAEEUYFBg5GIcCGIAEMgcIARAAGIAEMgcIAhAAGIAEMgwIAxAAGBQYhwIYgAQyCAgEEAAYFhgeMggIBRAAGBYYHjIICAYQABgWGB4yCAgHEAAYFhgeMggICBAAGBYYHjIICAkQABgWGB7SAQgyMTY0ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Bitwise Operators in C - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/c/bitwise-operators-in-c-cpp/

C++ keyword: xor - cppreference.com
https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/keyword/xor.html

The ^ (bitwise XOR) in C++ with Boolean - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60689442/the-bitwise-xor-in-c-with-boolean

C++ Math abs() Function
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/ref_math_abs.asp

modularise code into functions paradigm - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=modularise+code+into+functions+paradigm&sca_esv=0e726780e9f89ba1&sxsrf=AE3TifNLpl9viA7bT6MtvXzJQVZNXKSHzQ%3A1759063128992&ei=WCzZaMesPMTF1e8P5JmL2Qw&ved=0ahUKEwjHuMPnvPuPAxXEYvUHHeTMIssQ4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=modularise+code+into+functions+paradigm&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiJ21vZHVsYXJpc2UgY29kZSBpbnRvIGZ1bmN0aW9ucyBwYXJhZGlnbTIFECEYoAEyBRAhGKABSJYeUKAGWLMacAF4AZABAJgBwQKgAaUSqgEFMi03LjK4AQPIAQD4AQGYAgqgAp8TwgIKEAAYsAMY1gQYR8ICBRAhGJ8FwgIHECEYoAEYCpgDAIgGAZAGA5IHBzEuMC41LjSgB-YhsgcFMi01LjS4B5sTwgcHMC4yLjQuNMgHPw&sclient=gws-wiz-serp

#### 2025/09/27

##### 23:17

###### Open Links:

Branches Â· SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code
https://github.com/SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code/branches/all

merge main to branch - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=merge+main+to+branch&oq=merge+main+to+&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgBEAAYgAQyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQABiABDIHCAIQABiABDIHCAMQABiABDIHCAQQABiABDIHCAUQABiABDIHCAYQABiABDIHCAcQABiABDIHCAgQABiABDIICAkQABgWGB7SAQg1NjcxajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8#cobssid=s

git - Merging changes from master into my branch - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41045548/merging-changes-from-master-into-my-branch

git - Merging changes from master into my branch - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41045548/merging-changes-from-master-into-my-branch

pop stash - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=pop+stash&oq=pop+stash&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqEAgAEAAYkQIY4wIYgAQYigUyEAgAEAAYkQIY4wIYgAQYigUyFggBEC4YrwEYxwEYkQIYgAQYigUYjgUyDQgCEAAYkQIYgAQYigUyDQgDEAAYkQIYgAQYigUyDQgEEAAYkQIYgAQYigUyBwgFEAAYgAQyBwgGEAAYgAQyBwgHEAAYgAQyBwgIEAAYgAQyBwgJEAAYgATSAQgyMDM2ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Difference between git stash pop and git stash apply - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15286075/difference-between-git-stash-pop-and-git-stash-apply

struct function c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=struct+function+c%2B%2B&sca_esv=bbf5afcc60017a66&udm=2&biw=1920&bih=959&sxsrf=AE3TifPwSGCZXE62qddx8qA6Koe3J2dZOw%3A1758937406352&ei=PkHXaIijFeeXnesPweW0oAM&ved=0ahUKEwiIuqa66PePAxXnS2cHHcEyDTQQ4dUDCBE&uact=5&oq=struct+function+c%2B%2B&gs_lp=Egtnd3Mtd2l6LWltZyITc3RydWN0IGZ1bmN0aW9uIGMrKzIGEAAYBxgeMgUQABiABDIIEAAYBRgHGB4yBhAAGAUYHjIIEAAYBRgHGB4yBhAAGAUYHjIGEAAYCBgeMgYQABgIGB4yBhAAGAgYHjIGEAAYCBgeSLoeUJ4OWIoccAF4AJABAJgBkgKgAYEPqgEFMC40LjW4AQPIAQD4AQGYAgWgAvwHwgIHECMYJxjJAsICCBAAGAcYCBgemAMAiAYBkgcFMS4wLjSgB45AsgcDMi00uAfvB8IHBTMtNC4xyAdT&sclient=gws-wiz-img#vhid=F8vS42ERG86-9M&vssid=mosaic

unallow - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=unallow&oq=unallow&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIMCAEQABhGGPkBGIAEMgcIAhAAGIAEMgcIAxAAGIAEMgcIBBAAGIAEMgcIBRAAGIAEMgcIBhAAGIAEMgcIBxAAGIAEMgcICBAAGIAEMgcICRAAGIAE0gEIMTIyNGowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

succeeding - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=succeeding&sca_esv=bbf5afcc60017a66&sxsrf=AE3TifNM8WY9qgw2KHV4WKXue4CI7VuA4A%3A1758939449789&ei=OUnXaMX5L77NseMPkbu--Q8&ved=0ahUKEwiF-teI8PePAxW-ZmwGHZGdL_8Q4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=succeeding&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiCnN1Y2NlZWRpbmcyEBAAGIAEGJECGIoFGEYY-QEyCxAAGIAEGJECGIoFMgsQABiABBiRAhiKBTILEAAYgAQYkQIYigUyBRAuGIAEMgUQABiABDIFEAAYgAQyBRAuGIAEMgUQABiABDIFEC4YgAQyKhAAGIAEGJECGIoFGEYY-QEYlwUYjAUY3QQYRhj5ARj0Axj1Axj2A9gBAUiiH1DuBVjMF3ABeAGQAQCYAdIBoAGCCqoBBTAuNi4xuAEDyAEA-AEBmAIIoAKRC8ICBxAjGLADGCfCAgoQABiwAxjWBBhHwgINEAAYgAQYsAMYQxiKBcICDhAAGLADGOQCGNYE2AEBwgITEC4YgAQYsAMYQxjIAxiKBdgBAcICGRAuGIAEGLADGNEDGEMYxwEYyAMYigXYAQHCAg8QIxiABBgnGIoFGEYY-QHCAgoQIxiABBgnGIoFwgIKEAAYgAQYQxiKBcICExAuGIAEGLEDGNEDGBQYhwIYxwHCAg0QABiABBixAxhDGIoFwgIIEC4YgAQYsQPCAgsQABiABBixAxiKBcICJxAAGIAEGIoFGEYY-QEYlwUYjAUY3QQYRhj5ARj0Axj1Axj2A9gBAcICExAAGIAEGJECGLEDGIoFGEYY-QHCAgsQLhiABBjHARivAcICLRAAGIAEGJECGLEDGIoFGEYY-QEYlwUYjAUY3QQYRhj5ARj0Axj1Axj2A9gBAcICKhAAGIAEGJECGIoFGEYY-QEYlwUYjAUY3QQYRhj5ARj0Axj1Axj2A9gBAZgDAIgGAZAGEboGBggBEAEYCZIHBTEuMi41oAeHdrIHBTAuMi41uAeGC8IHBTMtNS4zyAd8&sclient=gws-wiz-serp

case statements c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=5ea0ef0fc59fba3a&sxsrf=AE3TifMi9B6_DbZtG32E2tozWLwO5xCuRg:1758941475369&udm=2&fbs=AIIjpHxU7SXXniUZfeShr2fp4giZ1Y6MJ25_tmWITc7uy4KIeoJTKjrFjVxydQWqI2NcOhZVmrJB8DQUK5IzxA2fZbQF4YL5sNSRJGgx0e9Z9AxEx1bmPbSY3ROQyoKhw9UuuwMa6u73fOSUeNMl3nUidiZzLnwz6Z8MHmWi4YdNSL-h_t8V7LARbEt0dOcH9HsmIXwiB-7_vX2wqahbyWxd3rXB8FJu8Q&q=case+statements+c%2B%2B&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiCwsfO9_ePAxWSm68BHVk8F2EQtKgLegQIExAB&biw=1920&bih=959&dpr=1#vhid=Spos35CWz2w4vM&vssid=mosaic

send an enture dimension of an array c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=send+an+enture+dimension+of+an+array+c%2B%2B&oq=send+an+enture+dimension+of+an+array+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIJCAEQIRgKGKABMgkIAhAhGAoYoAHSAQkxMjQ5MmowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

for loop c++ array - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=for+loop+c%2B%2B+array&sca_esv=e04a1f5e3e413b25&udm=2&biw=1920&bih=959&sxsrf=AE3TifNQ8ZW0XDngm33pQefY0JQauQl2UQ%3A1758959359665&ei=_5bXaMmsKOKYseMPzIac6Qc&ved=0ahUKEwiJqLqeuviPAxViTGwGHUwDJ30Q4dUDCBE&uact=5&oq=for+loop+c%2B%2B+array&gs_lp=Egtnd3Mtd2l6LWltZyISZm9yIGxvb3AgYysrIGFycmF5MgUQABiABDIGEAAYCBgeSKkPUOsHWJIMcAF4AJABAJgBzgOgAacPqgEHMi00LjEuMbgBA8gBAPgBAZgCB6AC8w_CAgYQABgHGB7CAgoQABiABBhDGIoFwgIEEAAYHpgDAIgGAZIHCTEuMC4zLjEuMqAH8Q-yBwcyLTMuMS4yuAfkD8IHCTAuMS40LjEuMcgHNQ&sclient=gws-wiz-img#vhid=5blpYgTV0ABZDM&vssid=mosaic

while loop c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=e04a1f5e3e413b25&sxsrf=AE3TifNSHdkyDOR6JBHWeUvwhI3JCDjfdg:1758960084504&udm=2&fbs=AIIjpHxU7SXXniUZfeShr2fp4giZ1Y6MJ25_tmWITc7uy4KIeoJTKjrFjVxydQWqI2NcOha3O1YqG67F0QIhAOFN_ob1yXos5K_Qo9Tq-0cVPzex8akBC0YDCZ6Kdb3tXvKc6REgf3vAxmWjii6Zu8D3ukBgEZt85bCNn6rBG2av3G6E0v91S9jMn9vVYvV5PbYPAsdPCdfG5GnDwNbDQn1miZTogqAXbQ&q=while+loop+c%2B%2B&sa=X&sqi=2&ved=2ahUKEwijiov4vPiPAxXNKkQIHdMrOp0QtKgLegQIFhAB&biw=1920&bih=959&dpr=1#vhid=jlUkt1MR8LUIRM&vssid=mosaic

assign array function - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=assign+array+function&oq=assign+array+function&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyCwgAEEUYChg5GKABMgkIARAhGAoYoAEyBwgCECEYnwUyBwgDECEYnwUyBwgEECEYnwUyBwgFECEYnwXSAQkxMjQyM2owajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

javascript - Assigning value to an array or object inside a function - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70062518/assigning-value-to-an-array-or-object-inside-a-function

Arrays in C++ - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/cpp-arrays/

c++ expression must be a modifiable lvalue - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=c%2B%2B+expression+must+be+a+modifiable+lvalue&oq=c%2B%2B+expression+must+be+a+mo&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyBggBEEUYOTIKCAIQABgKGBYYHjIICAMQABgWGB4yCAgEEAAYFhgeMggIBRAAGBYYHjIICAYQABgWGB4yCAgHEAAYFhgeMggICBAAGBYYHjIICAkQABgWGB7SAQg2MTU1ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

c++ - Expression must be a modifiable lvalue - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12745601/expression-must-be-a-modifiable-lvalue

assign function to array c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=assign+function+to+array+c%2B%2B&oq=assign+function+to+array+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRifBdIBCDU2NzVqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Altering an array from a function in C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13295011/altering-an-array-from-a-function-in-c

convert static array to dynamic c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=convert+static+array+to+dynamic+c%2B%2B&oq=convert+static+array+to+dynamic+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRifBTIHCAMQIRifBdIBCDkxMTBqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

copying static array to dynamic array c++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67311618/copying-static-array-to-dynamic-array-c

C++ Pointers
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/cpp_pointers.asp

W3Schools Tryit Editor
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/trycpp.asp?filename=demo_pointer

dynamic array c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=dynamic+array+c%2B%2B&oq=dynamic+array&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqDQgCEAAYkQIYgAQYigUyDwgAEEUYORiRAhiABBiKBTIGCAEQIxgnMg0IAhAAGJECGIAEGIoFMg0IAxAAGJECGIAEGIoFMgcIBBAAGIAEMgcIBRAAGIAEMgcIBhAAGIAEMgYIBxBFGDzSAQg0NDA4ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

How do Dynamic arrays work? - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dsa/how-do-dynamic-arrays-work/

How to Initialize a Dynamic Array in C++? - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/initialize-a-dynamic-array-in-cpp/

array function c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=array+function+c%2B%2B&oq=array+function+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyCQgAEEUYORiABDIICAEQABgWGB4yCAgCEAAYFhgeMggIAxAAGBYYHjIICAQQABgWGB4yCAgFEAAYFhgeMggIBhAAGBYYHjIGCAcQRRg80gEIMzc5N2owajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

C++ Pass Array to Function
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/cpp_function_array.asp

iso c++ forbids variable length array - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=iso+c%2B%2B+forbids+variable+length+array&oq=ISO+C%2B%2B+forbids+variable+length+array&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyCAgBEAAYFhgeMggIAhAAGBYYHjIICAMQABgWGB7SAQgxNTY0ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

C++ forbids variable-size array - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11379433/c-forbids-variable-size-array

Stack Allocators
https://howardhinnant.github.io/stack_alloc.html

new array two dimension - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=new+array+two+dimension&oq=new+array+two+dimension&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRigATIHCAMQIRigATIHCAQQIRifBTIHCAUQIRifBTIHCAYQIRifBTIHCAcQIRifBdIBCDU5MzFqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

How do I declare a 2d array in C++ using new? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/936687/how-do-i-declare-a-2d-array-in-c-using-new

C Multidimensional Arrays (Two-dimensional and more)
https://www.w3schools.com/c/c_arrays_multi.php

u suffix c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=u+suffix+c%2B%2B&oq=u+suffix+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTINCAEQABiGAxiABBiKBTINCAIQABiGAxiABBiKBTIHCAMQABjvBTIHCAQQABjvBTIHCAUQABjvBdIBCDQ3OTFqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

variable length 2 d array c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=variable+length+2+d+array+c%2B%2B&oq=variable+length+2+d+array+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIICAEQABgWGB4yCggCEAAYCBgNGB4yBwgDEAAY7wUyCggEEAAYogQYiQUyBwgFEAAY7wXSAQg5MTg4ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Multidimensional variable size array in C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1946830/multidimensional-variable-size-array-in-c

size_t c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=size_t+c%2B%2B&oq=size_t&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqDQgBEAAYkQIYgAQYigUyDwgAEEUYORiRAhiABBiKBTINCAEQABiRAhiABBiKBTIMCAIQABhDGIAEGIoFMgwIAxAAGEMYgAQYigUyBwgEEAAYgAQyBwgFEAAYgAQyBwgGEAAYgAQyDAgHEAAYQxiABBiKBTIHCAgQABiABDIMCAkQABgUGIcCGIAE0gEINDE5MGowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

What's the difference between size_t and int in C++? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/502856/whats-the-difference-between-size-t-and-int-in-c

casting - How to cast the size_t to double or int C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22184403/how-to-cast-the-size-t-to-double-or-int-c/22184461

c - When to cast size_t - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31093177/when-to-cast-size-t

data types for c++ elements and sizes arrays - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=data+types+for+c%2B%2B+elements+and+sizes+arrays&sca_esv=f85ff156f159292d&sxsrf=AE3TifNMRyRDcFLzOcSqsyxfI8J3AFILVA%3A1758975570941&ei=UtbXaKiVOc-Pvr0PvN_bkAs&ved=0ahUKEwiohszQ9viPAxXPh68BHbzvFrIQ4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=data+types+for+c%2B%2B+elements+and+sizes+arrays&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiLGRhdGEgdHlwZXMgZm9yIGMrKyBlbGVtZW50cyBhbmQgc2l6ZXMgYXJyYXlzMgUQIRigATIFECEYnwVIvBNQ3QJYrw5wAXgBkAEAmAGsAqABogyqAQcwLjMuMy4xuAEDyAEA-AEBmAIIoALKDMICChAAGLADGNYEGEfCAgQQIRgVmAMAiAYBkAYIkgcHMS4zLjMuMaAHwB-yBwcwLjMuMy4xuAfBDMIHBTAuNS4zyAcV&sclient=gws-wiz-serp

avr - What type is used in C++ to define an array size? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54202670/what-type-is-used-in-c-to-define-an-array-size

java - What's the difference between --i and i--? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16776726/whats-the-difference-between-i-and-i

#### 2025092x

##### :

###### Open Links:

topological wrapping of keyboard - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=topological+wrapping+of+keyboard&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Solve C++ Exercise 20250922_1314: Solution Attempt No. 01 (Quick and Simple) Â· Issue #11 Â· SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code
https://github.com/SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code/issues/11

-Wpedantic -std=c++23 - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=-Wpedantic+-std%3Dc%2B%2B23&oq=-Wpedantic+-std%3Dc%2B%2B23&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRiPAtIBCDk0NjBqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

C Dialect Options (Using the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC))
https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/C-Dialect-Options.html

Invoking G++ (Using the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC))
https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Invoking-G_002b_002b.html

C++ - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B

g++ command - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=g%2B%2B+command&oq=g%2B%2B+command&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTINCAEQABiRAhiABBiKBTINCAIQABiRAhiABBiKBTINCAMQABiRAhiABBiKBTIHCAQQABiABDINCAUQABiRAhiABBiKBTIHCAYQABiABDIGCAcQRRhB0gEIMzkxNGowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Data Types in C++ - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/cpp-data-types/

2d global array c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=ccc88b753bb383cd&sxsrf=AE3TifMTUAyec-2MRz7B1Z4qTXtW_m9TbA:1758525105712&q=2d+global+array+c%2B%2B&source=lnms&fbs=AIIjpHyTFN8BbSyNXQ3oA-fn7H5N0_alFIlVM3Dsmdj_aHzoLxwxLLLCfPzthQs1CuDx_B_7V9vIDPjI18wZzD3YDRZzy6id4uExqyAV3WqyaUAjnCBtal10avQTNR6OAKgBv0sbdc_dxMY-Ua-wixJnJoGgacD4ruNlx2rD7OpV1lcf8sKCscoLGAuvVH2UCecDWSMDdKDzCKHztzfxABStL6xtXJTeSTEH2ic3uXOn86_lgxPLvYU&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjMvYTC6OuPAxVhcvUHHQg6AaoQ0pQJegQIDRAB&biw=1920&bih=959&dpr=1

Is it possible to declare a global 2D array in C/C++? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14033305/is-it-possible-to-declare-a-global-2d-array-in-c-c

Is it possible to declare a global 2D array in C/C++? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14033305/is-it-possible-to-declare-a-global-2d-array-in-c-c

Total newbie to C++ trying to get my head around 2D arrays. Running this code outputs the contents of the board array once and then tells me I have a segmentation fault on line 18 and I have zero idea why. Any help would be greatly appreciated! : r/Cplusplus
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cplusplus/comments/1ghfuq4/total_newbie_to_c_trying_to_get_my_head_around_2d/

char c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=char+c%2B%2B&oq=char+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyDggAEEUYORhDGIAEGIoFMgcIARAAGIAEMgwIAhAAGBQYhwIYgAQyDAgDEAAYFBiHAhiABDIHCAQQABiABDIHCAUQABiABDIHCAYQABiABDIICAcQABgWGB4yCAgIEAAYFhgeMggICRAAGBYYHtIBCDIxMDNqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

C++ Char Data Types
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/cpp_data_types_char.asp

HTML ASCII Reference
https://www.w3schools.com/charsets/ref_html_ascii.asp

Operators in C++ - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/operators-in-cpp/

NULL char value c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=NULL+char+value+c%2B%2B&oq=NULL+char+value+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIICAEQABgWGB4yCAgCEAAYFhgeMgcIAxAAGO8F0gEIMzcxOWowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

c++ - How to make a null char? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40515491/how-to-make-a-null-char

Is writing a null character defined by the standard? : r/C_Programming
https://www.reddit.com/r/C_Programming/comments/csqxzv/is_writing_a_null_character_defined_by_the/

the null character - C++ Forum
https://cplusplus.com/forum/beginner/7947/

c++ pre processor - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=c%2B%2B+pre+processor&oq=c%2B%2B+pre+processor&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIKCAEQABgKGBYYHjIICAIQABgWGB4yDQgDEAAYhgMYgAQYigUyCggEEAAYgAQYogQyCggFEAAYogQYiQUyBwgGEAAY7wXSAQgzNTIzajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/preprocessor/
https://cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/preprocessor/

C++ Preprocessor And Preprocessor Directives - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp/cpp-preprocessors-and-directives/

password possibilities formula - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=password+possibilities+formula&sca_esv=8482df87b229566e&udm=2&biw=1920&bih=959&sxsrf=AE3TifO6V_tlSOW87w2wGl5eRiJrE23lKA%3A1758526582167&ei=dvzQaK_-CeLa1e8P4Mjz-AQ&ved=0ahUKEwivkYiC7uuPAxVibfUHHWDkHE8Q4dUDCBE&uact=5&oq=password+possibilities+formula&gs_lp=Egtnd3Mtd2l6LWltZyIecGFzc3dvcmQgcG9zc2liaWxpdGllcyBmb3JtdWxhMgQQABgeSM8wUKATWJsvcAJ4AJABAJgBuQKgAaoNqgEHMC41LjIuMbgBA8gBAPgBAZgCCqAChQ7CAgcQIxgnGMkCwgIGEAAYBxgewgIFEAAYgATCAgYQABgFGB7CAggQABgFGAoYHsICBhAAGAgYHpgDAIgGAZIHBzIuNC4yLjKgB5oPsgcHMC40LjIuMrgH4Q3CBwcwLjIuNC40yAdJ&sclient=gws-wiz-img#vhid=Lr_qm9y0mw6CnM&vssid=mosaic

Password Combination Calculator
https://www.omnicalculator.com/statistics/password-combination

power operaor c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=power+operaor+c%2B%2B&sca_esv=8482df87b229566e&sxsrf=AE3TifMWZD9p5bAxjgsaoYCIDjaNUFoWyg%3A1758527576785&ei=WADRaPDVL6WTvr0PiviVuQg&ved=0ahUKEwjw4arc8euPAxWlia8BHQp8JYcQ4dUDCBA&uact=5&oq=power+operaor+c%2B%2B&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiEXBvd2VyIG9wZXJhb3IgYysrMgcQABiABBgNMggQABgIGA0YHjIIEAAYCBgNGB4yCBAAGAgYDRgeMgsQABiABBiGAxiKBTILEAAYgAQYhgMYigUyCxAAGIAEGIYDGIoFMgUQABjvBUjjJVCeDliSJHABeACQAQCYAbACoAGxFqoBCDAuMi4xMC4xuAEDyAEA-AEBmAIEoAL3BcICCRAAGLADGAoYHsICDhAAGIAEGLADGIYDGIoFwgIIEAAYsAMY7wXCAgYQABgHGB7CAggQABgHGAgYHsICCBAAGAUYBxgewgIKEAAYBRgHGAoYHpgDAIgGAZAGBZIHBzEuMS4xLjGgB9lXsgcHMC4xLjEuMbgH6gXCBwcyLTEuMi4xyAcz&sclient=gws-wiz-serp

Why doesn't C++ have a power operator? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14626960/why-doesnt-c-have-a-power-operator

C++ Math pow() Function
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/ref_math_pow.asp

cplusplus.com/reference/cmath/pow/
https://cplusplus.com/reference/cmath/pow/

cplusplus.com/reference/iostream/cout/
https://cplusplus.com/reference/iostream/cout/

for loop preprocessor - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=for+loop+pre+processpr&oq=for+loop+pre+processpr&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIICAEQABgNGB4yCggCEAAYCBgNGB4yBwgDEAAY7wXSAQg1MTUxajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

How to write a while loop with the C preprocessor? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/319328/how-to-write-a-while-loop-with-the-c-preprocessor

c - How can I make for loop of #define function? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56573698/how-can-i-make-for-loop-of-define-function

c++ - Why can I use printf() when including iostream? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62533672/why-can-i-use-printf-when-including-iostream

cout c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=3cba3ff7c6207a53&sxsrf=AE3TifPPDWeU6KrdzQVCLNuOfMeZwhgQeg:1758532223759&udm=2&fbs=AIIjpHxU7SXXniUZfeShr2fp4giZ1Y6MJ25_tmWITc7uy4KIeh7Rd2Okf7KLGPdxBrNMaIm3bjKczkW42t0bjubXjlXqZqcDLkPoOtK0s0ckYEWjGPzM4ze0bNRXQu5rcnhb2opsdhhx0g-Kih5dFrTc5Dlr7hQa6RcywBY1PBKIZmnXpT5XU6q7ibTnfYcq1MIhIFEgj6kBN7zU8YUzS6qxdosnSVU1vg&q=cout+c%2B%2B&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjByZeEg-yPAxV0avUHHUMUD8MQtKgLegQIFBAB&biw=1920&bih=959&dpr=1#vhid=pVf1p040NI0rSM&vssid=mosaic

using clog - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=using+clog&oq=using+clog&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIICAEQABgWGB4yCAgCEAAYFhgeMg0IAxAAGIYDGIAEGIoFMg0IBBAAGIYDGIAEGIoFMg0IBRAAGIYDGIAEGIoFMg0IBhAAGIYDGIAEGIoFMg0IBxAAGIYDGIAEGIoFMgoICBAAGKIEGIkFMgcICRAAGO8F0gEIMjEyMGowajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

c++ - What is the point of clog? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52357/what-is-the-point-of-clog

C++ iostream clog object
https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/ref_iostream_clog.asp