# README.md

## Links used:

Commits · SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code
https://github.com/SchponzeePlusPlus/spp_misc-code/commits/main/

Installing GCC: Binaries - GNU Project
https://gcc.gnu.org/install/binaries.html

is gcc nativelt installed on linux - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=is+gcc+nativelt+installed+on+linux&oq=is+gcc+nativelt+installed+on+linux&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIJCAEQIRgKGKABMgkIAhAhGAoYoAEyBwgDECEYnwUyBwgEECEYnwXSAQkxMDQ2M2owajeoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

compiling c++ code in linux - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=compiling+c%2B%2B+code+in+linux&sca_esv=1ae1f5a229be0f0a&sxsrf=AHTn8zr4ygnHIF0PLlljV9VJ2Y31tDFpmw%3A1745924445228&ei=XbEQaPTaDcTm1e8P-tPGkQk&ved=0ahUKEwi0_fKyi_2MAxVEc_UHHfqpMZIQ4dUDCBE&uact=5&oq=compiling+c%2B%2B+code+in+linux&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiG2NvbXBpbGluZyBjKysgY29kZSBpbiBsaW51eDIEEAAYHjILEAAYgAQYhgMYigUyCxAAGIAEGIYDGIoFMgUQABjvBTIFEAAY7wUyCBAAGIAEGKIEMgUQABjvBUiADFCBCViICnABeAGQAQCYAeoBoAGwA6oBBTAuMS4xuAEDyAEA-AEBmAICoALTAcICChAAGLADGNYEGEeYAwCIBgGQBgiSBwUxLjAuMaAHggqyBwMyLTG4B8oB&sclient=gws-wiz-serp

How to compile a c++ program in Linux? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7005713/how-to-compile-a-c-program-in-linux

programming - What is a command to compile and run C++ programs? - Ask Ubuntu
https://askubuntu.com/questions/61408/what-is-a-command-to-compile-and-run-c-programs

How to compile c program in linux using gcc
https://www.log2base2.com/C/basic/how-to-compile-the-c-program.html

linux terminal script - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=linux+terminal+script&oq=linux+terminal+script&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyCAgBEAAYFhgeMggIAhAAGBYYHjIICAMQABgWGB4yCAgEEAAYFhgeMggIBRAAGBYYHjIICAYQABgWGB4yCAgHEAAYFhgeMggICBAAGBYYHjIICAkQABgWGB7SAQg3ODUxajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

How to Create a Shell Script in linux | GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-a-shell-script-in-linux/

Shell Scripting for Beginners – How to Write Bash Scripts in Linux
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/shell-scripting-crash-course-how-to-write-bash-scripts-in-linux/

bash - How do I create a script file for terminal commands? - Ask Ubuntu
https://askubuntu.com/questions/223691/how-do-i-create-a-script-file-for-terminal-commands

#!/bin/bash - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=%23!%2Fbin%2Fbash&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

How To Compile And Run a C/C++ Code In Linux | GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-compile-and-run-a-c-c-code-in-linux/

linux - Why do you need to put #!/bin/bash at the beginning of a script file? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8967902/why-do-you-need-to-put-bin-bash-at-the-beginning-of-a-script-file

shell script how to ensure cd is folder of script - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=shell+script+how+to+ensure+cd+is+folder+of+script&oq=shell+script+how+to+ensure+cd+is+folder+of+script&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRigATIHCAMQIRiPAjIHCAQQIRiPAtIBCTEwMzUxajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

path - How can I set the current working directory to the directory of the script in Bash? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3349105/how-can-i-set-the-current-working-directory-to-the-directory-of-the-script-in-ba

scripting - What is the meaning of ${0%/*} in a bash script? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6393551/what-is-the-meaning-of-0-in-a-bash-script

assignment statement shell scropt - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=assignment+statement+shell+scropt&oq=assignment+statement+shell+scropt&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRigATIGCAMQIRgVMgYIBBAhGBXSAQg2NjgwajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Echo newline in Bash prints literal 
 - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8467424/echo-newline-in-bash-prints-literal-n

g++ build output filename - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=g%2B%2B+build+output+filename&oq=g%2B%2B+build+output+filename&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRifBTIHCAMQIRiPAjIHCAQQIRiPAtIBCDU2ODdqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

c++ - How to change default output file of g++? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3763086/how-to-change-default-output-file-of-g

dynamic array copying c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=dynamic+array+copying+c%2B%2B&oq=dynamic+array+copying+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyBggAEEUYOTIHCAEQIRigATIHCAIQIRigATIHCAMQIRifBTIHCAQQIRifBTIHCAUQIRifBTIHCAYQIRifBTIHCAcQIRifBTIHCAgQIRifBdIBCDY1MjdqMGo3qAIAsAIA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

memory - Copying from One Dynamically Allocated Array to Another C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8056746/copying-from-one-dynamically-allocated-array-to-another-c

printf in c++ - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=printf+in+c%2B%2B&oq=printf+in+c%2B%2B&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyCQgAEEUYORiABDIMCAEQABgUGIcCGIAEMggIAhAAGBYYHjIICAMQABgWGB4yCAgEEAAYFhgeMggIBRAAGBYYHjIICAYQABgWGB4yCAgHEAAYFhgeMggICBAAGBYYHjIICAkQABgWGB7SAQg3MDI0ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

C++ printf() Function | GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/cpp-printf-function/

stdio cpp - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=stdio+cpp&oq=stdio+cpp&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUyCQgAEEUYORiABDIKCAEQABgKGBYYHjIICAIQABgWGB4yCAgDEAAYFhgeMggIBBAAGBYYHjIICAUQABgWGB4yDQgGEAAYhgMYgAQYigUyDQgHEAAYhgMYgAQYigUyCggIEAAYgAQYogQyBwgJEAAY7wXSAQgzNzM1ajBqN6gCALACAA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

cplusplus.com/reference/cstdio/
https://cplusplus.com/reference/cstdio/

'printf' vs. 'cout' in C++ - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2872543/printf-vs-cout-in-c